September 2025 (#104)
pmillspaugh/portfolio: src/writing/clippings/september-2025.mdx

## Conferences

On Monday the 6th I’ll be demo’ing some of the Dot Com Press tech stack at [StartupCincy Week](https://startupcincyweek.com/)’s “Best of Demo Night.” Then on Wednesday I’m giving a talk on how to find the right domain for your startup. Whether or not you really do need a dot com has been at the top of my list of burning questions while writing the book (and it’ll continue to burn because it’s subjective, of course). Reply if you have anecdotes or opinions to share from your experience.

From October 25th to 30th I’ll be in Dublin, Ireland for ICANN84, the first of my back-to-back capital J Journalism trips. I’m reading Milton Mueller’s book, _Declaring Independence in Cyberspace_ right now to prepare. I’m quite excited to build a holistic impression of ICANN by attending the six-day annual meeting IRL. I don’t think I’d be able to replicate that just by reading, attending webinars, and talking to current and former ICANN employees (although I am doing those things, too!).

> My second research trip (I have actual “media passes” for these events) will be in Miami on November 5th and 6th for [NamesCon](https://t.co/Ca3JcqcFwo). The conference has an investing angle, but the crowd will include registries, registrars, brokers, ICANN, ISPs, and IP lawyers. There’s even a live domain auction and literal [server throwing competition](https://www.cloudfest.com/usa/world-server-throwing-championship/).

Author: ```suggestion
My second research trip (I have actual “media passes” for these events) will be in Miami on November 5th and 6th for [NamesCon](https://i.snoball.it/p/mEZKb/l/2). The conference has an investing angle, but the crowd will include registries, registrars, brokers, ICANN, ISPs, and IP lawyers. There’s even a live domain auction and literal [server throwing competition](https://www.cloudfest.com/usa/world-server-throwing-championship/).
```
